`Metadata` adjustments and more Algorithms (#27)
wnfs-wg/spec: spec/skip-ratchet.md

}
```

### Increasing

The skip ratchet can be stepped forward, but not backwards.

Forward stepping can happen at
- the small digit, in increments of one,

> - the medium digit, in increments of (mostly) 256,
> - the large digit, in increments of (mostly) 65536.

Reviewer: The word "mostly" here reads as a hedge. If you mean "of at most" (because of the zeroing on the smaller digits), perhaps rephrase to something like...

```suggestion
- the small digit, in increments of one
- the medium digit, in increments up to 256
- the large digit, in increments up to 65536

These intervals for each digit are often referred to as small, medium or large "epochs". The reason that it isn't exactly 256 and 65536 is because each ratchet can only be incremented to the beginning of their next epoch.
```

Reviewer: I would also suggest either including this diagram as a screenshot...

<img width="489" alt="Screen Shot 2022-08-10 at 15 02 22" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1052016/184028245-43b2b7a2-c64f-4bf8-8560-b91e172b166a.png">

...or doing an ASCII version. This seems to be the image that gives folks the biggest "a-ha"s!

Author: Very good idea! Added.
